hello there from t1 txt,

this is for modification.


step by step process to push files to remote repository using git:
git add . 
git commit -m "initial commit"
git branch -m main     -- to change the branch from master to main
git remote add origin <your-repo-url>  -- to add the remote repository 
git push -u origin main  -- to push the changes to the remote repository for the first time
git push  -- to push the changes to the remote repository after the first time

first put files on staging part of git using "git add"
then commit those files locally using the "git commit -m "your commit message" 
then you can push those files to the remote repository using "git push"


the three stages of git are:
1. Working Directory: This is where you make changes to your files. Any modifications you make are done in this area. You can see the changes you have made to your files here.
2. Staging Area: This is where you prepare your changes before committing them. You can add files to the staging area using "git add <file-name>" or "git add ." to add all changes. This allows you to review and organize your changes before committing them.
3. Repository: This is where your committed changes are stored. Once you commit your changes using "git commit -m 'your commit message'", they are saved in the repository. You can then push these changes to a remote repository using "git push".


other git commands which are useful:
git status  -- to check the status of your files in the working directory and staging area
git log  -- to view the commit history of your repository
git diff -- to see the differences between your working directory and the staging area or between commits
git diff --staged -- to see the differences between the staging area and the last commit
git restore <file-name> -- to discard changes in the working directory and restore the file to the last committed state
git reset <file-name> -- to unstage a file from the staging area and move it back to the working directory
git rm <file-name> -- to remove a file from the working directory and staging area
git rm --cached <file-name> -f -- to remove a file from the staging area but keep it in the working directory

